- [Instructor] The first API that we'll integrate with
is part of Azure Cognitive Services.
Let's take a deeper look at the AI capabilities
provided by the services.
Artificial intelligence has gone through a few hype cycles
but in the past five years
practical capabilities have emerged.
Tools like image recognition and sentiment analysis
are now found in many developers toolboxes,
and not just Sci-Fi movies.
Azure Cognitive Services
makes these types of AI capabilities
accessible for companies and developers
that would typically find them out of the reach.
The services found within the catalog
are built on top of pre-trained AI models
that can deliver search, language,
speech, vision, and decision capabilities.
In just a few minutes, and a few API calls,
developers can add AI capabilities to their apps
that would take years and a data science PhD
to develop on their own.
The APIs within Azure Cognitive Services
are divided into five major categories.
Services in the vision category
provide the capability to analyze pictures and video
and other content for things like tagging
or facial recognition.
The speech service can do conversions
from speech to text and text to speech
and language translation.
These capabilities are great
if you're doing things like
voice interaction with your application.
Decision services provide capabilities such as
anomaly detection, personalization, and content moderation
that can replace or aid manual human reviews of content.
The search family of services
embeds Microsoft Bing's search capabilities into your apps.
And here's where we're going to focus the language services.
These services allow you to extract meaning
from unstructured text that can power capabilities such as
chat bots, question and answer panels, and text analytics.
Our application will use the text analytics service
to detect sentiment within a text.
Let's learn more by hopping over to the Azure site
and checking out the docs.
So here are the docs
for all of the Azure Cognitive Services.
You can see the language family here
and specifically our text analytics API
that we're interested in.
Let's go ahead and click on that,
and then over on the left-hand side bar
you're going to see these example user scenarios.
And these are going to outline common use cases
things like looking at survey results,
analyzing inbound customer calls to get sentiment,
looking at support incidents
and deriving sentiment from them.
And then finally you get to our use case.
We're going to look at monitoring a social media feed.
So it's exactly what we want to do.
When a tweet is made on Twitter regarding land and hotel,
we're going to send that text
into Azure Cognitive Services for sentiment analysis.
All right, let's take a look at the details now.
So over on the left-hand sidebar,
go to the reference and then expand text analytics API
and let's take a look at version three.
So here are the detailed API docs
and this is where we're going to find
all of the information about the call
that we need to construct.
You'll notice we have the sentiment resource here,
let's go ahead and click on that
because it's the one we'll be using.
And if we scroll down a little bit
you'll see the identifier for the service.
So that's where we'll be sending the request,
it needs to be an HTTP post.
Now within the request body
we need to provide some JSON that represents
the text we would like to analyze.
So here you can see the structure but
it's a documents array, and within that array
we have a documents object that has an ID,
the language and then the texts that we would like
the sentiment analysis to be conducted on.
Now, once we fire off that call to the service
we're going to get a response back
and we'll have to parse that out.
Within the response, we get an array of documents
and then inside that array, we have an object.
It will contain a specific property
that shows the sentiment,
and then it also has a breakdown of the confidence scores
that shows positive, neutral, or negative.
Now you can see it's an array of documents,
we're only going to send one document at a time
so we can always assume there's only one object
within that array.
So using this service, we can get some insights
into the feelings of the author of the text
at that time and use them
for our purposes of alerting the land and hotel manager.
Now there's a little bit more
to making this API call that we'll need to discuss.
But at a quick glance, you can see the power of APIs.
Most developers couldn't build this quickly,
it would be too costly or they wouldn't have the skillset.
But an API can act as a bridge to this pre-built capability
that we'll find within Azure Cognitive Services
that can deliver the AI that we need.